chore: update links to learn.svelte.dev (#602)
sveltejs/svelte.dev: apps/svelte.dev/content/blog/2022-12-14-announcing-sveltekit-1.0.md

We’re so excited to share this release with you. It’s the culmination of thousands of hours of work, both from the Svelte core team and the wider community, and we think it’s the most enjoyable way to build production-grade websites, whether you’re a solo developer working on a small project or part of a large team.

> To get started, run `npm create svelte@latest`, and visit the [docs](/docs/kit) and (experimental!) [interactive tutorial](/tutorial).

Author: ```suggestion
To get started, run `npm create svelte@latest`, and visit the [docs](/docs/kit) and (experimental!) [interactive tutorial](https://learn.svelte.dev).
```

We’ve had terrific support from teams at [Vercel](https://vercel.com), [Netlify](https://netlify.app/) and [Cloudflare](https://www.cloudflare.com/) to make zero-config deployments for those platforms possible.

> Our friends at [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/) worked feverishly to make [our new tutorial](/tutorial), the first-of-its-kind [WebContainer](https://blog.stackblitz.com/posts/introducing-webcontainers/)-powered interactive tutorial, a reality.

Reviewer: let's at least revert this, because this _is_ messing with history in a way that feels wrong. like, `learn.svelte.dev` appears in talks and blog posts

```suggestion
Our friends at [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/) worked feverishly to make [learn.svelte.dev](https://learn.svelte.dev), our first-of-its-kind [WebContainer](https://blog.stackblitz.com/posts/introducing-webcontainers/)-powered interactive tutorial, a reality.
```

Reviewer: (and if we're reverting that, we should probably revert the other mention also in this document)

Author: done. I'm fine reverting all of them honestly except for the last two which would be otherwise broken
